Comment on how to phrase empty state text (#408)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/patterns/empty-states.mdx

<Divider />

> # Behavior
> 
> The empty state pattern should communicate to the users clearly about:
> 
> -   What they are looking at: What data can possibly show up if the dataset is not empty.
> -   Why they end up here: What they did previously that causes the dataset to be empty, if any.
> -   How to get out of here: What actions do they need to take for data to populate.
> 
> <ImageGrid
>     images={[DontDistractImage, DoEncourageImage]}
>     caption={
>         'Do not use table headers and paginations to distract your user as they are not in active use. Instead, provide instructions to help your user out of the empty state situation.'
>     }
> />
> 
> Empty states can also be a great place to express your project identities, especially if your application is designed to be consumer-facing. See [Project Identity](/design/project-identity#illustrations) for details.
> 
> <Divider />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Behavior

The empty state should clearly communicate to users:

-   What they are looking at: What data will be present if the dataset is not empty?
-   Why the state is empty: What actions (or inactions) did they perform that caused the dataset to be empty?
-   How to get the data: What actions do they need to take to populate the data?

<ImageGrid
    images={[DontDistractImage, DoEncourageImage]}
    caption={
        'Do not display table headers or pagination when datasets are empty as they can be distracting to users. Instead, provide instructions to help your user out of the empty state situation.'
    }
/>

Empty states can also be a great place to express your project identity, especially if your application is designed to be consumer-facing. See [Project Identity](/design/project-identity#illustrations) for details.

<Divider />
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure I necessarily agree with the table headers and pagination comment here. If someone is actively filtering and unfiltering a list looking for something, I would find it very jarring to have the headers and footers of the table constantly appearing and disappearing.

Reviewer: Also, an empty state doesn't necessarily imply a bad thing that needs to be fixed. For example, you wouldn't want to show:

"No Alarms"
"Your system is working great — go unplug something to populate this page."

You may want to qualify the opener a bit more (e.g., "In most cases...")
